The EEK has six LEDs and six push button switches, one SSD1306 OLED display and one MPU6050 with accelerometer and gyroscope sensors. 

Each LED has a positive lead wire connected to one of six ESP32 GPIO Pins and a negative lead wire connected to ESP32 GND through a 220 ohm resistor. 

One side of each switch is connected to one of six ESP32 GPIO pins and the other side is connected to the ESP32 3.3V pin through a 10000 ohm resister so the switch can act as an Arduino INPUT rather than an INPUT_PULLUP. 

As long as an EEK switch is pressed its logical state is HIGH. When an EEK switch is not pressed, its logical state is LOW.

The EEK printed circuit board is a rectangle 16 cm. long and 5 cm. wide. The front of the EEK is on the long side with the MPU6050 pins facing to the front. The other long side is the back of the EEK. The short sides of the EEK are the left and right sides. 

The y-axis of the EEK is perpendicular to the short side of the EEK. The x-axis of the EEK is perpendicular to the long side of the EEK.

The z-axis of the EEK is perpendicular to the rectangular surface of the EEK centered on the middle of the MPU6050 which is in the middle of the EEK board.

Tilting the EEK's long front side downward causes the EEK pitch angle to become positive. Tilting the EEK's back side downward causes the pitch angle to become negative.

Tilting the EEK's short right side downward causes the EEK roll angle to become negative. Tilting the EEK's left side downward causes the roll angle to become positive.

Rotating the EEK clockwise around its vertical axis causes the EEK yaw angle to become positive. Rotating the EEK counterclockwise around its vertical axis causes the EEK yaw angle to become positive.

Use the Adafruit_SSD1306 library when working with the EEK OLED display.

Use the MPU6050 library by Electronic Cats when working with the EEK MPU6050 component unless another library is requested.

The current EEK model contains the AdaFruit Feather Huzzah model of the  ESP32 board.